Having met lots of developers from green hands to experts and I find it such a horrible experience when working with or even talking with those toppers.

Why? Near a half (or maybe most ngl) of them are not that "friendly", and they take it for granted.

They bare so much knowledge that they believe they have the "power" to always judge others' statements and works. Even worse, when they do this, they're most likely to ignore what is true, what is good, what is positive, and just focus on what is false, what is bad, what is negative. I know not everyone could be a good speaker and not everyone could be patient, but if you were surrounded by these "professional" but arrogant developers, you would suffer a lot from criticism, which is pretty disappointing.

I remember first I posted my Fork UI showcase (only a small piece of code), almost immediately someone said "Why? You should go check my library. It's decent and is being used by a famous server. Also you're not the first to work on this direction. I've experimented some time ago and it was no fun". Even though their library has nothing to do with the core philosophy of Fork UI like declarative and smart state management (theirs is just another Minecraft Drawable & Element wrapper on this aspect), even though they didn't work out like what they said (true that a homemade layer is needed, which is why Fork Render exists), they're willing to establish a relationship where they dominate the modding community.

Similarly, another time when some people were talking about Minecraft UI library, they mentioned Modern UI and LibGUI. The former one is technically a forge library (they literally said "well fabric is too primitive for modding"), with a whole bunch of features coming from Android like Canvas, Fragment, View, to help build Minecraft UI. The latter one is a more lightweight library, providing a "builder" style UI construction. All of a sudden someone stated that "LibGUI is just for laziness, while Modern UI is for breaking the limits", which made me shocked. Why do people have to compare like this, given the fact that LibGUI actually helps a lot more people? If I was contributor of LibGUI I would definitely feel bad hearing this. And this is just a single case, I don't know how many times I read aggresive words from them. Judging is always the fun part in their mind.

Talented people are well armed not to answer you but to blame you, as they hold a belief that "if I know more, then I can stamp on you". Such Darwin-like social network makes me sick. The most rediculous thing is that no one wants to get rid of this implicit rule. They tacitly accept it, and put it into practice. They adore and protect the strong, but ignore and attack the weak. It's a nightmare.
